Hello, everyone.
lets solve again.
And this is another next medium problem, which has has good likes and dislikes, so given a non-empty array
nums containing only positive integers, find if the array can be partitioned into 2 subsets.
Such that the sum of elements in the both subset is equal, so it is saying subsets.
And it is not saying sub arrays right?
And we have to partition it into exactly two subsets.
So both of these subset should be equal to.
Yeah, so the total sum should be equal to the sum of the the array right.
And one subset sum should be equal to the sum of the array divided by two right.
So basically, my problem converted.
Right.
So if the.
If the sum of the whole array is odd, then the answer is not possible because you cannot divided into
two subsets.
Right.
But if it is, even then what we'll say is, let's say sum by two.
And now what I have to find is I have to find out whether a particular subset sum is possible with
this particular sum, which is.
sum/2 right so I'll just find for this array whether there is a subset equal to sum/2
or instead let's say total sum/2 might, if that is possible so that particular subset is.
That particular subset is actually needed right and the others subset will be the complement of that
subset right.
So that's it.
And I think you can easily solve this we have already seen subset sum problem in DP.
Thanks.